move upgrading db modules from cluster to db page (#1054)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/rs/release-notes/rs-6-0-8-september-2020.md

The [rladmin CLI](https://docs.redislabs.com/latest/rs/references/rladmin/) introduces several updates to the commands for upgrading modules.
It is now easier to upgrade your modules to the latest module version.

> Find out more [here](https://docs.redislabs.com/latest/modules/add-module-to-database/#upgrading-the-module-for-the-database).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Find out more [here]({{< relref "/modules/add-module-to-database.md" >}}).
```

- [RedisTimeSeries](https://redislabs.com/redis-enterprise/redis-time-series/), version [1.2.7]({{< relref "/modules/redistimeseries/release-notes/redistimeseries-1.2-release-notes.md" >}}) (updated)
- [RedisBloom](https://redislabs.com/redis-enterprise/redis-bloom/), version [2.2.4]({{< relref "/modules/redisbloom/release-notes/redisbloom-2.2-release-notes.md" >}}) (updated)

> To use the updated modules with a database, you must [upgrade the module on the database]({{< relref "/modules/add-module-to-database/#upgrading-the-module-for-the-database" >}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the updated modules with a database, you must [upgrade the module on the database]({{< relref "/modules/add-module-to-database.md" >}}).
```
